A. Overview
After open the application, a list of tasks is given with assigned numbers from 1 to 6. User is prompted to enter a number between 1 to 6 to perform corresponding task or enter e/exit to exit the program.
Once the user selects a task, the task is performed. After the task is done, user is prompted to select a task again or leave the program.

B. Design
Task 1
This task shows all the papers in pages with each page showing five papers. User can go to different pages by entering ‘p’ to go to the previous page or entering ‘n’ to go to the next page. Once user selects a paper by its ID, the emails of all reviewers of that paper are shown.

Implementation
First use SQL to select all papers. Use variable page to keep track of what page it’s on. Under an infinite while loop, prompt user to enter ‘n’, ‘p’, or an ID of a paper.
If the user enters ‘n’, go to the next page
Else if user enters ‘p’, go to the previous page
Else use SQL to select all the reviewers of that paper with the ID user enters and print out the reviewers. Break the while loop.
Return to function call.


Task 2
This task shows all the papers in pages with each page showing five papers. User can go to different pages by entering ‘p’ to go to the previous page or entering ‘n’ to go to the next page. Once user selects a paper by its ID, the emails of all potential reviewers of that paper are shown. User should choose a potential reviewer and enter review for that paper.

Implementation
First use SQL to select all papers. Use variable page to keep track of what page it’s on. Under an infinite while loop, prompt user to enter ‘n’, ‘p’, or an ID of a paper.
If the user enters ‘n’, go to the next page
Else if user enters ‘p’, go to the previous page

Else 
use SQL to select all potential reviewers of that paper with the ID user enters and print out the potential reviewers.
Prompt user to select a potential reviewer by their email
Check if it is a potential reviewer
If it is not a potential reviewer
	Print out deny message
	Exit the loop
	Else (it is a potential reviewer)
		Ask for input of review
		Add review into reviews table
	Break the loop
  Return to function call.




Task 3





Task 4





Task 5





Task 6




C. Testing Strategy



D. Group Work Strategy

Group Work Break-Down

We divided the tasks into three parts. Each person takes care of one part. Li Shang is responsible for task 1 and task 2. Gustavo Ortega is responsible for task 3 and task 4. William Wei is responsible for task 5 and task 6. Everyone contributes to this report file.

Time Spent and Progress
#simply write down the time spent on working on this assignment and when you finished what
Li Shang spent approximately 4 hours on task 1 and task 2. Started on Wednesday March 6 and finished on Thursday March 7.


Method of Communication
We use GitHub to keep track of our work progress. We put our source code and other files onto GitHub so everyone can edit them. We use chat application and emails to communicate.
